# I PITY

= Introduction =

Add your content here.


= Details =

I expect you to speak logically. I know it will take time to crush your prejudice, and get into your adult. Please read carefully what I am scribbling. Please don’t take it emotionally. I want statements with the support of fundamentals. Don’t say that things are like that. You are talking to a person who has a totally different ideological stream from that of yours. So, the only methodology to communicate is to speak, standing in the courtyard of fundamental logic. You might have reached your belief state based on rational thinking (though I don’t believe it. I state it just because I think about possibilities). But to make a person of different politics, comprehend you, you ought to explain properly, which you have forgotten to do. So hence I reply to your very absurd statements.

Jemshid statement:  A perfect child; mine is better than yours or I am better than you

I reply: this being the heading, I hope I would get a logical reasoning for why you believe that my essay lacked logic. If I don’t get reasoning, I would reciprocate at the end of this.
 

   Jemshid statement: Rather than speaking about me, let me speak about the   team comprising of jemshid, nithin, junise and sooraj; because at this juncture I am confident to say that we have grown enough to understand each other


I reply: I can spot a minimum of 10 instances to counter this argument, but I don’t want to do it, as that will affect the stability of the fragile cluster. Leave your emotions and speak sincerely- do you believe you people do understand each other?? Don’t you remember what all things you have confided to me? But I don’t want to elaborate it. My point is simple. Your explanation lacks logic. How could you prove you understand well? Please articulate logically, don’t say things just like that. Infact you are generalizing things like communists. Anyway, I take back that statement, because I will use it at the last part of my reply, with logical consistency.


Jemshid statement: it is the same team with the same motive has contributed to the rejuvenation of fsug calicut after a gap of 8 years. the same group is organising four workshops on 14th , 15th and 16 th at 4 different locations on free software. the same team is the second largest contributor to the freedom walk after zyxware. in addition to that a typical share learn evolve day was planned to be held at nitc calicut but postponed due to nac accreditation team visit. 
I reply: this statement also lacks fundamental logic. You have to let me know, how this thing, which you do is a better effort. You have just made a statement that you do such and such things as if those things are great. 
Anyway I will assume that a good effort has the definition: which contributes to the humanity and makes the world a better place to live (don’t want to speak about whether you usually say it sincerely or not)

So this is my logic. It is something like mathematical induction. I know you from 2003. I have seen you involving with various things right from that period. You have spoken valiantly about those things when you were part of those activities and have spoken against other activities. Then all of a sudden you quit them and get into something else, which I don’t mind if the new activity would supplement the initial one. But you have switched to entirely contradictory things just in a time of one night. You often remind me, srinivasan in chinthavishtayay shyamala. The basic emotion, which makes you switch the ideology, is not a logical revelation but your under-confidence.

Proof: you proposed LSSB (I don’t want to elaborate it, I don’t want to see my dear friend being viewed as a buffoon).
Sathyan: kaka, your idea is absurd.
Jemshid: sathyan is an idiot; I will talk about this to the atheists. They are not like you. They are great.
Manoj: do you really plan to go for children festival?
Jemshid: don’t talk rubbish. You don’t know about them

Jemshid travels to ongole, proposes it in the atheist meet. They reject it sarcastically.
Jemshid talks with manoj through phone: atheists are idiots, they are kids. (anyway sathyan remains an idiot to jemshid)

And you drop your so-called high profile idea. I have always seen you dropping things, never accomplishing anything. Why is it so?  Why did you drop your LSSB activity, for which you argued so valiantly (much more than what you do for share learn evolve) all of a sudden (when you didn’t get stroke from atheists)? I have more and more examples.

Anyway, this being deduced based on induction; I don’t want to believe it. So I would believe that your present endeavor is a great effort, though I will have to believe that this is your first great endeavor. Anyway, in future, please don’t say that this activity was an idiotic one, just because that they didn’t give you a chance to speak during a meeting. I wish at least this time; you reach your dream, of getting really busy.





Jemshid statement: there is not even a single lie in the conversation. the job is interesting and that is why we all, the team remain together and continue to work and surviving on a low revenue. each every member in the team has options.

I reply: o man. Please understand what I said, in the right sense. You didn’t work hard to reach this job, knowing that it is interesting. Am I correct? You tried many other things. Am I correct? There you didn’t win. Am I correct? Now you say that you enjoy this work. ( will talk First about you, then about others)

Now again mathematical induction-During each effort ( from 2003), you said that you were terribly enjoying. But then, were you pretending when your eyes were dilated and your hands were in tremor during those days? Or were you pretending when you said your were enjoying? You reach somewhere and say that you are in a paradise. Then you say, it was a hell and your new spot is a paradise. I will be so happy if you were improving when you were shifting your spots. But I had never been happy because it wasn’t ideology, which maneuvered the changes; all transformations were out of escapism. Am I correct?? Would you agree? So though the spots are regularly changing, till now, you were the same (as per induction); but as above, I wish this be a real paradise, which would help you achieve your dream.

Now regarding others’ options I don’t want to talk, because I don’t want to demoralize them. I have the right to speak truth to you, as we know each other very well. What all options do you believe you have in life? But anyway, both of us know about the conviction with which people other than you and prasad dwell in ascent. I think we need not play hide and seek on the subject. Is it clear????


Jemshid statement: whatever, i would love to receive email. and don't expect me to attend all phone calls. in case i don't attend the call and the call is important, let me reiterate, send me an sms, or give me three miss calls, i will call back

I reply: this is your real attitude. You just think about the usage “ whatever”. You have not argued using logic. You have said like a kid jeering at reality. Properly read what I have said and reply. Infact a detailed observation of this statement would help you to correct yourself. Please think about it. anyway , my simple reply is that you have not said about why you hate calls. You often say that you don’t like calls. But when you don’t get calls and others get continuous calls you feel uneasy. Why? 


Or I could articulate it differently. Let us forget whether you love calls or email. I wanted to speak about your psychology and not your interests. But you do not understand what I am saying. So think about this logic.

If two persons speak, say sabeesh and myself. We may be talking about something. All of a sudden, you want to put your input into our discussion, though we don’t expect you to do. You wish for involvement everywhere, but you forget that people don’t expect you to involve in certain things. If you meet Sachin tendulkar, initially you would be tensed and would respect him unnecessarily. You would bow your spine, then you would talk without clarity (you talk without clarity when you are tensed.) slowly as days pass, you will be relaxed and you will try to impress him. You will forget that you don’t know cricket, but you start teaching him that subject. If he throws your idea to the dustbin, you would say that Sachin doesn’t know cricket. What do you think about this?



Jemshid statement: nithin will continue to maintain the status "not OK" in terms of knowledge. And it is much better than stopping learning and feeling OK.

I reply: if he were feeling not O.K in terms of knowledge, then why were you forced to shout at him when he often failed to show interest in share learn evolve? But wait, let me complete.

Who would feel grudge towards a more intelligent person like Tony? A person who feels not O.K in terms of knowledge or a person who feels not O.K like a coward and use knowledge to impress people and make himself feel O.K?

But anyway, though nithin uses knowledge in apolitical ways to overcome his not O.K state, he is more intelligent than others in the cluster, and hence his passion for knowledge is not that filthy. I do believe that he has better chances of becoming a real lover of knowledge. I don’t want to give you the proof because, that will make us deviate from the subject.

Jemshid statement: another mode of ignoring those who deserve it. Only a few deserve nithin’s attention

I reply: this is a purely emotional statement from jemshid. I could reply emotionally to this in a much sensible manner like: how do you measure intelligence? By getting into companies, which are your dreams (like TI or AD)? Or getting calls from so-called premier institutes? Or doing a research? Whatever it is, I have always been ready to combat with you people, but you never took it.  But I would love to argue in pure logic language.
I don’t have a proof to say that I deserve nithin’s attention. But regarding junise’s I do have an argument. I asked a doubt to him, which you say as something which deserves bad treatment. I would like to remind you something, which you might have forgotten. After asking that doubt to him, we went to beach hotel. We had a discussion and hope you remember things now. Should I elaborate? You have to agree either of the two things. You contradict yourself or else you have lied now. Don’t tell things just as a child does to win a game, we are debating to reach an understanding.

Jemshid statement: go through TA again
I reply: I don’t understand the problem with the usage valyettan. Have you seen that movie? He is a critical parent as well as nurturing parent to his brothers. That is what I said. I don’t like explaining like a schoolmaster. I don’t swallow things from textbook. I read less and think more.

I will tell you why you say like this. It is merely my opinion and hence please don’t take it emotionally. You don’t feel a subject; instead you study it. You don’t comprehend things in the right method. You are studying things just to get rid of complex. I will say why I think like this.

 Point 1- you borrow ideologies from others without comprehension.

Point 2- you often use ideologies, which you get from weekly, or from books, about which you say, as if it is yours. No problem.( m.n vijayan, mukundan etc)


Now comes my logic based on these points. Two days ago, you made fun of me saying that I used to speak about left-brain and right brain. What I said was this:
Purely logical people, do things like machines. (Mathematical club)
Purely imaginative people do freaky things (some among the ayamees). These groups criticize each other.
 But being genius is the harmony of these two things. You can refer my article in our college magazine, as a document to prove that i have stated it long back. (There is another group which is neither logical nor creative, whom we call as the brainless. Majority fall in this category, and they have beliefs rather than intelligence. )

another day you said to me that the real superhuman is a blend of music and mathematics, and I was happy to see that you have felt it. But later I knew that you didn’t feel it; instead have said it from a novel, as you have read the first few pages. Why did you ignore my statement and speak the same thing when you got it from a book? Simple answer; that book is a branded stuff. So it is not the fact but the pomp of the brand, which attracts you.

So let me conclude. Your reply to my previous posting was like this; you deny certain things, but you have noted why you deny it. Hope you would get me much more logical reasoning for why you deny my statements along with the reply for this posting.


= NB- please don’t edit this, reply in a new page so that others could read our arguments and decide who is right and who is wrong. = 