#summary I celebrate your ignorance : (a perfect child; mine is better than yours or i am better than you)
 (jemshid, i didn't say mine is better that yours without foundations.i have explained why i say it.just see what all i have said below.i have made the analysis of what you said when we were together.infact your additions are not capable of denying what i have said.please do let me know why your lied, why you ask to send sms,why nithin was afraid of tony,why junise speaks looking into floor.you please speak logically,don't just say things like that.i have spoken based on cases and eventually have made deductions.hope it is clear)

_corrections and comments by jemshid are shown in italics_
= Introduction =
= It survived just for a flash, we call it share learn evolve =
The process called share learn evolve has had its demise in the womb itself, and many among you may think that I may be happy because what I blabbered at the time of the genesis of this process is now appearing as a kind of prophecy. What I said during the initial phase of the initiative lacked explanation, and hence this elaboration.

_
  rather than speaking about me, let me speak about the team comprising of jemshid, nithin, junise and sooraj; because at this juncture i am confident to say that we have grown enough to understand each other. _

_  rather than a program, share learn evolve is a process which proves our existence. probably those workshops on wednesdays are the only expression of the process share learn evolve visible to lesser beings._

_  and "blabbery" is never a prophesy, but i am sure that you will have followers who will attribute prophecy to "blabbery". that is why we have a lot ലാട വൈദ്യന്മാര്‍ , ജ്യോതിഷക്കാര്‍ etc through out the world._

The spokesmen of the process may claim that it is still a persisting process. Though I know that they don’t think much about relevant things, I can’t prove that handicap, as the thinking process is part of a man’s private gray matter, or in better words, thinking is a micro social activity. But, share learn evolve is something meant for intelligent debates, or it is a macro social activity (both e discussions as well as non e discussion), which I could surely prove as a non-existing stuff, as of now.  

_it is the same team with the same motive has contributed to the rejuvenation of fsug calicut after a gap of 8 years. the same group is organising four workshops on 14th , 15th and 16 th at 4 different locations on free software. the same team is the second largest contributor to the freedom walk after zyxware. in addition to that a typical share learn evolve day was planned to be held at nitc calicut but postponed due to nac accreditation team visit. _

( my doubt: you may be conducting something. i agree. how could a man like me believe in the credibility of what you do? or in better words, what makes you believe that what you do is a relevant thing? you have to speak logically and in fool proof means.don't just say that you do something and what you do is great.)

 But the demise has stimulated a very different thought stream in my brain (njaale cheriyeee buddhi), which I believe could deduce reasoning for the demise as well as a few remedial measures for the redemption of the process.


= Prologue =

  

Categorization of human beings based on their pleasure generating/ excitement levels could be a vague process, but in general, I strongly believe that basically there are two kinds of people as far as ambitions are concerned. One is the generally present group, and the members of that group have the layman’s ambitions- to get strokes from the society and fellowmen and thus forget their inferiority complex. Majority of human beings group themselves under this family where as the other group, has a much higher pleasure threshold, so that they derive pleasure only by doing the most weird (as the others say) things. Ambani, Edison or s.c.d could be examples of people in this group.

jemshid comments: one has to be very care full before attempting a generalisation, or else it might end up to be foolish like the generalisation of social structure by communists.

Share learn evolve is a ritual being done by the laymen group. So, as of now, we are in no interest in thinking about s.c.d, or the idiotic way reshmi reciprocates to a very interesting message from him, which causes immense confusions in his mind. 

I am using transactional analysis terms, which is a totally new subject for me, for the analysis. Though I have felt that subject, I have started studying its terminology only last week. The states of human mind according to transactional analysis, which we need for analysis of the demise, are:

Parent- simply could be defined as ‘ valyettan’... 

Adult- the rational being....

Child- they are of two types... 

Good child- it is not that he is good, but he obeys his valyettan, or he is a good shinkidi. Kalabhavan mani’s role in naatturajavu could be a definition. 

The bad child might be rebel or fun loving person, who disobeys the valyettan. Mohanlal in ‘dasaratham’ could be a definition.

The cluster- the group which remains as the embodiment of share learn evolve. Jemshid, nithin, junise.

The anti cluster- the group opposing the cluster. Kapil. This group in disguise has acted as the major factor for the survival of the cluster.

= The analysis =

= Evolution of Jemshid =  

He has the feeling of inferiority (I am not O.K status) 
Proof: My friends and me went to meet a person with whom jemshid had a discussion. 

The person: why didn’t you go for a multi national company job?
Jemshid: to do interesting job (factual answer- tried many other things, couldn’t excel there)
The person: is ascent a business establishment?
Jemshid: (pause for 20 seconds) ascent is a community. (Factual answer- (spontaneously) yes it is a business establishment. It is a tuition center)
_jemshid adds: ascent is evolving into a community_
During the conversation, he has lied so as to make himself feel O.K or in other words forget his inferior feeling. 

jemshid adds: there is not even a single lie in the conversation. the job is interesting and that is why we all, the team remain together and continue to work and surviving on a low revenue. each every member in the team has options.

He tries to forget his not O.K status by behaving like his parental figures (those whom he admires).
Proof: jemshid gets irrelevant calls from his wife, Sony and from science trust. He has seen busy businessmen (his parental figure) getting continuous calls, and hence he feels himself O.K when he gets calls like that. When the next call comes he says to call later, and says that if he couldn’t pick the call, they are supposed to send an sms (as his parental figure, the businessmen say). But the reasons for his failure to pick calls often are (not his busy schedule of work)
1.	He would be sleeping during wrong hours
2.	He would be watching movie

He wants to behave like his parental figures so as to get rid of his inferior feeling, and thus he contaminates his rational and does all rubbish things. 




= Evolution of nithin: = 

He has the feeling of inferiority (I am not O.K status). He wants to get stroke, which is the basic nature of child. If he were an adult, he would have reciprocated logically to many of my technical doubts. He could clarify my query, or could say that he doesn’t know the answer. But he ignores it. I would then kindle his interest by uttering a half-statement-“ you are so special because………” Then he thinks that I am about to praise him and all of a sudden he would watch me with dilated eyes, which reminds me a K.G student.
The better explanation of his child psych could be the intense fear, which he had, when a person called Tony, in whom he sensed a competitor for his intellectual throne, entered into hyderbad ace.

Unlike jemshid, he never imitates his parent, because he has set high standards for his parent (like van gogh), which he believes as unapproachably tall figures.
So he needs to be stroked as a child wishes so as to forget his inferiority complex, thus contaminating his own logic.


= Evolution of junise: =

This guy is terribly under confident. He is such an adaptive child; he would end up as the good child, the shinkidi of his parent. He feels O.K by being the shinkidi.
 Proof: his body language could easily prove that he is an adaptive child. When he argues with kapil, he looks on the floor.

Another proof could be this. I asked him a doubt regarding free software. Instead of comprehending my doubt, he simply said that ‘ free software is a great thing and hence any doubt regarding it is irrelevant’ (though I had a rational debate on the subject with others in the field, later through telephone).

If it were a year back he would have remained silent, but now he runs away from his inferior feeling by becoming a good shinkidi of his parent. Thus he half-confidently talks with people, not because that he learned something new in the span of one year, but because of the security feeling he possesses from the care he gets from his valyettan. He proudly argues for his parent, though he doesn’t know what his parent’s ideology is.
 
The saddest thing is that, all the members who traverse to the O.K state stay there only for a fraction of a second. Not in more than a short span would they come back to their uneasy state.

The psychology of anti cluster is irrelevant for our discussion and hence we are omitting it. All previous members (I don’t like to mention their names as many are not in the scene now) of anti cluster miserably lacked rational strength, though kapil is an exception. So from here on, I am talking about kapil when I mention anti cluster.


= The genesis and survival of the cluster/ share learn evolve  =

Jemshid imitates his parental figure, to forget his complex. He proposes activities, which makes him believe that he is similar to his parent (say, infosys narayanamurthy). Kapil knows that it is merely an imitation and he reacts. Thus he becomes the bad boy. Jemshid wants to remain the valyettan to stay O.K, hence seeks good children. Nithin wants strokes, jemshid gives it and hence they form a team. Together they criticize others. Jemshid again searches for good children, junise wanted protection and hence they form a team. An additional credential for this process could be stated as- Junise though under-confident, often argues with kapil (often only to him. why doesn't junise shout at mallan?How could mallan be better than kapil according to junise? Junise knows both of them very little,very very little, still he irrationally decides that mallan is a better person), as he is the bad child of his parent.

Thus the cluster happened and survived. But as I have mentioned earlier, the status of being O.K has no rational authenticity and hence the mission has had its demise.

N.B- I didn’t forget to speak about sooraj, I purposefully have not described him. Paruthiveeran kind of people, crazy characters, severe alcohol and drug addicts were the only tough-to-understand people, for the world. But now I have made my own addition to that group. Sooraj. 