= Introduction =

 Robot, a versatile mechanical device, is generally available in the form of a manipulator arm, a mobile vehicle, a free-flying platform, a multi-joint multi-fingered hand or a combination of these. There are basically two types of mobile robots, namely _wheeled robot_ and _legged robot_. 
*A wheeled robot* is suitable for a smooth terrain and is more energy efficient and easier to control. On the other hand, a *legged robot* can operate well in hostile environments and promises a high degree of terrain adaptivity and maneuverability. However, it has a complex structure and poor controllability. Current research in robotics aims to build autonomous and intelligent robotic systems to meet the increasing industrial demand for automatic manufacturing systems. 
An autonomous robot should be able to perform the following tasks:
#1 Obtaining information of the environment using visual or auditory sensors, 
#2 Building world model,
#3 Decision making
#4 Motion planning
#5 Learning from past experience to improve performance


An autonomous vehicle has the following advantages:
#1 it is capable of handling minor uncertainties. Thus, it need not be re-programmed always, if there is a minor change in the environment.
#2 it reduces the down-time needed for re-programming
#3 it can work in hazardous environments

the page is contributed by jackson


= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages