#labels unconference,share,learn,evolve,mathematics,technology,science
		           	=Share learn evolve=


The third phase of *share learn evolve* was held on 31st may 
2008. 
The program started by 10 am by kake , junise ,vineeth haseeb , akhila . ... and of course MANOJ THE GREAT

*The agenda for the program are:
 # Ubuntu
 # VHDL
 # PLCS
 # IMAGE PROCESSING
 # LYX......*


The first topic  selected was *ubuntu*.
 
Kake gave a brief introduction to the topic  touching points abt the flexibility of linux , virus free environment  ,  no need of  system format , no case of  system crash  etc ..unlike the windows operating system.

Junise also shared some idea about the Ubuntu with the group.

After that kake explained about a project using *PLCs* ..

Next *VHDL* was  selected  for discussion . Kake gave insight to the method of writing VHDL programs , and  briefly explained about the entity declaration , structural ,behavioural, dataflow architectures etc..

later we familiarised the *xilinx fpgas* tool by writing codes for a digital counter.

The next turn is for Nithin and he explained about the work he is presently doing in *image processing* . He also gave a brief insight to technique of *water marking*. 

Kake then introduced a new tool named *'lyx'* in which we can make word documents in any formats like IEEE format  etc by only selecting options from the menu and just typing the contents.

 By 1 pm we wind up the program.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*NEW*
=share learn evolve=

	the freedom of sharing, the aesthetics of learning and the prudence of evolution happens for the third time @ ascent on 31/05/08 saturday from 9 am to 4 pm

The agenda for the unconference:
        ubuntu/debian/gnu/linux
	image processing
	 VHDL etc

come forward to share, learn and evolve.

ascentengineers.......................



*So what Junise said..
Gps is navigation system...basically implemented for military purpose....but now open to public usage...
GPS works on a concept called triangulation....Its technique of determining the position by taking time delay from 3 satellites -minimum.. 
==GPS interfacing==
speakers are junise and sreejith
junise gave a wonderful presentation on gps interfacing with sreejith
we are going to start it by 11.15 am
kake

=attention all, suggest the topics you are interested to discuss=
* and it is urgent*

*kake says*
lets start with gps interfacing by junise
what do u people say?

*sandeep says*
i am extremely a stranger in the field of gps,wavelet or any thing practical abt electronics. so nothing to comment. people who know something can start the work.but i want an introduction to all this practical stuff. thats all!!!

_suggest atleast one topic you would like to learn today_
and we will start with it.
kake

==an unconference to be held on 18th, friday, april 08 at ascent ==

= share - learn - evolve =

it is an unconference ie. let's meet, share our ideas, learn from friends and evolve into better beings on friday, the 18th of april, 08 at ascent. all are welcome. a few of the topics we are going to discuss are wavelets gps interfacing neuro fuzzy systems image processing embeded systems etc....

keep posting your comments 
all are welcome to the program and contribute here


== Details ==

 # gather what the delegates are actually looking for
 # what are the topics delegates would love to present here

=== kake would like to know ===
 # gps interfacing with micro-controller
 # inverse wavelet transform : a conceptual understanding

=== kake would like to share ===
 # the concept wiki

*friends, write down your interests and aspirations*
its very good idea.

_great platform to acquire & share knowledge._
...nikhil.r 