= Unnecessary Talks and U wanted Discussions, learning is about to die =



==When the matters comes to me i am not able to tolerate the psuedo technocrats acting like a sales representative.== 

The dictonary meanings of the 
_Share _  
          1.contributed by an individual or group 
	  2. the part allotted or belonging to one of a number owning together property 
	
_Learn_ : 
           1.to gain knowledge or understanding of or skill in by study, 
           2.instruction, or experience and 
_Evolve _ :
           1.to produce by natural evolutionary processes ,
           2.social, political, and literary philosophie 

here I think we are dealing with such a  big dialoge and I am  shamefuly admitting it is not the  wonder may be the *_alice in the wonderland_*,
Share ; the sharing is not suggesting or redirecting  a thing which are being discussed, it is the accepting the subject and deep into it. 

Learnning; I thought it is not marketing or dirty flushing of  ideas.

Evolve: the word which gives the full dimension finishing of idea's which come to practise.

I am not very passionate about learning.By talking to you I realized that I am dealing with world's most endangered species in the world , have the bottum less inteligence. 
And the notable thing which I saw  here the Ideal preacher's Absence, They show's, atleast for them idea's to be  vomited and not for practising.It is dirty flushing of ideas  from their  womb.  it is better to talk with the u inteligent people.They may at the level of the egostic inteligent(ignorance).
Currently I am not having the bench marks to check the  level of knowledge they have ,it is their fate to still puzzled on the ignorance.

Even when discussing the idea instead of going further deep into the subject the ideal people are trying push methods and identify the space for themselves. So it is shamefull for the technology and the learning procedure.
Finaly I thought it is not the big deal of Great Ideas it is the deal of spoiling sperme's.

